hi and welcome to the protector 18.0
this is Piero head of software
development at Sac point and I'm here
today to show you some of the features
of the new release of the productor as
soon as you download the new version you
will notice on the right side 5 meters
these meters represent the alert level
for each of the indicators on the same
line possible values for the alert are
green yellow orange and red in the new
version of the protector we are going to
improve this system by giving the
opportunity to customize the threshold
values that turn the alert from a level
to the next one another important
improvement is the customization of big
links and graphics on the Welcome page
on the left column we can see all the
Quick Links and in the middle column you
can find the module control panel and
some graphics there is also a new mail
menu where you can find all those items
that were previously among the Quick
Links if you want to customize quick
links you need to go to the advanced
menu and then set up quick links here
you have to choose which page you want
to customize and then you will see the
complete list of all available items
that you can have in your list of Quick
Links choose all the items you prefer
and then click OK you will see these
links / category in the Welcome page
you can also customize graphics on the
Welcome page once again you have to go
to the advanced menu and then set up
home plate charts here you will find the
list of available charts for the welcome
page both main and advanced and you can
select the ones that you want to see on
your welcome page you can also customize
the refresh rate in seconds and the
color for background and for chart for
instance if you want to see the spam
messages by our and you want to see it
in a different color you can choose the
color then choose the chart select ok
and then on the Welcome page you will
find the new chart here we are
another feature of protector 18 is the
mail proxy whitelist by default the
protector intercepts all the IP requests
for 425 so it is not possible for
machines in your local area network to
look into port 25 of your SMTP servers
to do that you have to go to proxy mail
proxy whitelist and white list the
machines that need to look into port 25
here you can input the IP addresses of
all the machines that need to login
click OK you can also enter ranges in
the c-class and at the end you click on
restart mate proxy and that's it if you
want to see the complete list of
improvements of protector 18 please
refer to the release notes document that
is issued with this version of the
protector well it's all for now thank
you for your attention and see you next
time bye bye